

CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:06 PM
passes by with @Dòna Hexham towards the #shadowy-cargo-bay 
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 10:06 PM
follows

CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:07 PM
walks around the cargo doing a primary expection with @Dòna Hexham 
"hmm" she pretends to stroke a bear she will never have
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 10:08 PM
walks in
takes a look around
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:08 PM
looks over, then back at the vents and the like
Dòna HexhamLast Thursday at 10:09 PM
takes interest in various crates and boxes of cargo(edited)
"I wonder what's in some of these.."
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:10 PM
looks at a corner next to a tarped crate "i don't know, did't look at the manifest closely" looks in the generall erea "but i thought the list was shorter than what it looks from here"
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 10:11 PM
leans against a large, reinforced metal crate
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:11 PM
finds a hole @YellowMiner (President Tungsten) made yesterday "dona look, a same one like in command!"(edited)
it's a round hole in a vent with sawdust on the floor around it(edited)
stares down it looking for clues on the owner that's not here, without results she says "do you think they made more holes?"(edited)
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 10:14 PM
"those look like wussul holes"
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:14 PM
is asorbed by the idea of mechanized woodworms
looks over "wussul?"(edited)
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 10:14 PM
"yalisian drones"
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:15 PM
"ya-lis?" she thinks
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 10:15 PM
"we capture and repurpose them"
"they cant handle the cold"
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:16 PM
"huh, you'd think that yals would would think of something like that if they could make a tine machine to sit in" she goes the wrong way
Dòna HexhamLast Thursday at 10:16 PM
"See, I told you it wasn't woodworms.."
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:17 PM
"who's to say they are not a empire of woodworms called yalis?" she holds on to the dream(edited)
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 10:17 PM
continues to cover up the crate
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:18 PM
she hears and looks over from debating worms with dona "oh, you don't need to tidy stuff up, that's my job, technicly..." wonderfully slacking off as always(edited)
Dòna HexhamLast Thursday at 10:19 PM
"I know Yalis aren't wood worms" she folds her arms
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:20 PM
"well since i found another i guess i should go get something to repair the vent, it seems a grate is also knocked lose..." as she goes she comments "but what if it were the true story behind them?" pointless pondering ensues
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 10:21 PM
(is nobody going to notice the crate)
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:23 PM
(Alicia is not, she knows not to poke holes in other things, at least not where someone is watching, uncle told her that or something along those feelings)
PM Wilhelm JansenLast Thursday at 10:25 PM
a crate wrapped in rough tarp sits in the corner, there are splinters on the floor around it

CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:22 PM
comes strolling in looking for something to plug holes with, with @Dòna Hexham  in tow if she decides to come, and someone sneaking up behind them, maybe(edited)
Marquis AlerionLast Thursday at 10:26 PM
(2-5 she notices something about you that tells her exactly why you were looking.)
Dòna HexhamLast Thursday at 10:28 PM
Dòna is not with her, as she went to her cabin first
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:30 PM
rumages around where spare wood and metal plates would be kept
Marquis AlerionLast Thursday at 10:33 PM
(On a 6-8 she buys it but takes the contents of the cabinet with her, for safety)
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 10:37 PM
plugs a hole @YellowMiner (President Tungsten) recently made in the vents on command before heading towards other spots
Alicia heads to the #windswept-decks to take a break and look at the curling that was planed(edited)

YellowMiner (President Tungsten)Last Thursday at 10:54 PM
the lower decks smell of smoke
somewhere in there, in some air duct, a wussul blew up, and in a spot well filled with holes, a small fire is rapidly growing
Chancellor LakkinLast Thursday at 10:59 PM
"I´ll go for a smoke now,no hard feelings"
goes for the most needed cigarette of his life
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:07 PM
comes rushing in, looking for anti-fire spray, looks around and sees smoke even here "Vivian, Gunter!" she runs around "we need to land the ship or we'll fall if we can't tame the fire!"(edited)
Marquis AlerionLast Thursday at 11:08 PM
The voice of vivian booms through the communication tubes
"EVERY SAILOR TO THE SAILING RIG, NON-VITAL CREW HEAD TO THE FIRE POINT AND PUT THESE DAMN SAILS OUT"
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:10 PM
"ah jeez" and runs while puffing towards the fire points to help
[Alicia prioritized to try and stop the fire from spreading to the top-crew quaters to save her hoard of colors](edited)

CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:26 PM
Alicia rushes in with a extinguisher and throws it opened into the fire (+1?)(edited)
Marquis AlerionLast Thursday at 11:26 PM
The gasses dissipate violently, making the flames easier to fight


Marquis AlerionLast Thursday at 11:34 PM
As the flames dissipate you see Mortimer, crying
His mustache still sizzling slightly
He is holding a blackened egg and something that looks like a burned, fatty plank
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:36 PM
Alicia would come up from behind and pat his shoulder to attemt to ehm... make it less painfull, she hopes
Marquis AlerionLast Thursday at 11:38 PM
"WHYYYYYYYY"
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 11:38 PM
runs in and beelines to the RS crate
enters a combination and it unlocks
opens crate and takes something out
closes crate and runs back towards door
( @Cልፕልርረሃነጠ @Marquis Alerion wager to see this)
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:39 PM
walks over to the crate to see what's inside, or was
(wager stats?)
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 11:40 PM
(Can we say Mortimer was too distracted and doesnt have a good chance but Alicia does)
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:40 PM
(a chance at?)
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 11:40 PM
2-5 Alicia sees what the item is 6-8 Alicia sees an item, but not what it is 9-12 she sees nothing
(We can both use a trait)
(So they cancel out)
(So you know I got something out of the armoured crate)
(But not what it was)
(Not that that will matter soon)
What’s that again
Marquis AlerionLast Thursday at 11:43 PM
VI
In a wager "Nothing happens" cannot be a result
PM Wilhelm JansenLast Thursday at 11:43 PM
^^!
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 11:43 PM
Ah
Redo it but 2-5 is sees everything 6-8 is sees something and 9-12 is notices akane can open the crate
(That’s more than fair)
@Cልፕልርረሃነጠ
Marquis AlerionLast Thursday at 11:46 PM
(It's a bit tame but yes. I think Patosav should win more on a 9-12)
(Like noticing something about you)
(Not that you have any secrets to hide)
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 11:46 PM
9-12 we both notice something
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:46 PM
(don't think any are actively visible that is not shown already)(edited)
Marquis AlerionLast Thursday at 11:47 PM
(It's not about it being actively visible, it's about it FALLING OUT)
Mortimer is fumbling about
"Oh no no no"
"This is bad"
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 11:48 PM
@Cልፕልርረሃነጠ roll
I have to go soon
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:49 PM
!roll 2d6
RPBotBOTLast Thursday at 11:49 PM
@Cልፕልርረሃነጠ rolled 9. (5 + 4 = 9)
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 11:49 PM
Oof
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:50 PM
((so... )
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 11:50 PM
alicia notices that akane can open the crate, but akane sees one of Alicia’s hidden resources
(Fair?)
(You will be able to figure out what was in the crate anyway)
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:51 PM
(ok, weapon, tool, or other?)
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 11:52 PM
(Your pick)
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:53 PM
you notice her bag is open, a myriad of things can be seen, shiny and sharp in nature with tufts of animal pelt and colourful trinkets and everything is roped together(edited)
Akane FukumotoLast Thursday at 11:53 PM
(I really have to go now)
runs to cabin and locks door
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Thursday at 11:54 PM
is overcome by intgruege and tries to open the crate to look inside but fails
retreats to her cabin 
October 12, 2018


CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Friday at 7:45 PM
is seen rushing towards command with maps

CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Friday at 9:27 PM
Alicia comes back from sorting and bringing maps "did something come up?" she swapped some clothes so she doesn't look sooty from the fire anymore 'a woman needs to look proper' she thinks, though maybe it's not the best time for that particular thing or maybe her thing(edited)
Marquis AlerionLast Friday at 9:32 PM
"Yep, something came up"
"get yourself to the balloon rigging, we're going to have to cut some of that net"
"Mortimer had an idea which might just work"
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Friday at 9:33 PM
"hoh, ok!" she comes along and helps, but somehow she feels uneasy

CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 1:20 AM
Alicia goes into the crew section and walks with a spring in her step as she goes towards her crew quaters to get a good nights rest with a fully belly of home-made cooking
enters the sea of colors that is in her cabin and blocks the door from the inside with a painted carved totem like she normaly does when going to sleep, and plops down into a pile of scarfs as high as herself where each one hase it's own color or pattern(edited)

CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 10:47 PM
sneaks out from her cabin where she spent a lot of time for not alot of reason

CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:10 AM
comandeers the kitchen to start making herself a nice but fishy meal, totally fitting in as a maid in the kitching if it was at some country manor of a wealth man or something like that, but she frying the fish! 'no-one can stop my wife-power!' she internally get's worked up and starts working on it(edited)
Marquis AlerionLast Saturday at 12:11 AM
Mortimer looks her way as he salts a massive number of fishes
"Huh"
the very trained chef does not seem to have anything to say
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:18 AM
Alicia makes a proper looking fish dish of a milder Ikan Asam Pedas with the whole fish even using its bones as part of the sauce, it substitutes some things with sea ingredients such as seaweed for veggies. 'but it's a fine meal!', 'right! ' 'yeah!'  went the inside of her head(edited)
again she worked herself up over nothing
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:28 AM
"hey Mortimer, i made a little too much..." she looks like she wants to keep the spare too but there is no such thing as a personal fridge in these days "so i think you can serve it, but i sorta want to have my time eating it" fury and fire went into the modfied spicy dish
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:28 AM
Andrew walks into the dining hall and takes a seat
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:29 AM
looks out the kitchen "oh hai, i just made something..." she hesitates and peeks around the corner still eyeing her dish to make sure it doen't get stollen by something
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:30 AM
“Hello”
“What is it you just made?”
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:32 AM
"i... i made fish dish, and a little too much... it's a mild Asam pedas  but with fish" she shy-ishly says
"mild-spicy stew" she adds(edited)
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:33 AM
“Ah, if you made too much I would gladly have a serving”(edited)
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:35 AM
"oh-ok!" she jitters a little about before she comes with a platter of two helpings one for her and Andrew the maid-like Alicia suddenly fits into the decor of a proper servant, if not for the multiple violent colors she sports(edited)
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:35 AM
“And before you go...”
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:35 AM
"hmm?"(edited)
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:35 AM
“Do you have any wooden skewers? I happen to need one.”
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:36 AM
she looks around... and she finds a bag in the back of one of the cupboards before coming around the corner again "how many did you see?" she forgot to ask(edited)
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:37 AM
“Just one, please.”
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:38 AM
she retuns with it placing it down next to the fork and spoon and sits down to eat her own meal "here you go!"(edited)
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:38 AM
“Thanks.”
Andrew enjoys the meal. He had never had anything like it
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:41 AM
she would enjoy her own food as well, despite having to modify the recipe on a already modified less spicy and more sweeter one than the normally spicy -sour dish it is "ift' gud youknow" she says while not minding that she is eating more hastily and less refined than she normally would, or maybe she always eats like that and it's just now that she stopped doing that, who can tell, but maybe that's how it goes at her families place(edited)
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:44 AM
Andrew leaves a generous tip at his table before leaving
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:44 AM
the dining hall is relitvely quiet, most crew are busing themselfs with food preservation after all
"oh you're leaving?" she looks at you as you go(edited)
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:45 AM
“Yep, I really enjoyed the meal.”
“He stops”
“You remember the pelican stuck in the net, right?”
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:47 AM
"ah yeah the bird, so unlucky you would think a he shatterd a mirror or something" she makes a rather unrelated remark about it
"broken bones, someone said?" she is still enjoying the last tastes of ther meal by scraping it with a dry cracker out of her bowl(edited)
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:48 AM
“Yes, his wingtip. That’s why I need the skewer.”
“I’m planning on finding some wire and making a splint”
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:48 AM
"ah, i see" she thaught something dangerous again
ruffles and handcombs her hair for some lose ones and gives the very few strands that fall out ((she has longish hair, dyed in some places ofc))
"is this any good?" she offers(edited)
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 12:50 AM
“It’s pretty thin, But thanks for offering”
“You wouldn’t know where I could get some wire, would you?”
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 12:52 AM
"ehm..." she thinks "i guess if  you had some spare cloth you could get some strands or maybe try the ship's supply store if there are some, i'm sure they have metal wire in there, or maybe ask Mortimer" she looks at the direction of the kitchen "there are some dishes that use ropes and wires to prepare"(edited)
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 1:03 AM
“Thanks you, I really mean it.”
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 1:05 AM
"it's ok!" she smiles the way she usually does "no i'm off too, seeya later. i have a feeling it we will bump into each other again"
Nathanial WestonLast Saturday at 1:05 AM
Yeah, certainly! Andrew smiles before leaving
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 1:05 AM
she pockets a part of the tip and leaves to tinker with her own devices, bouncing out the room

Max IVLast Saturday at 11:45 PM
( g'night)
after akane bandages his wound with arthurs shirt she helps him up and he stumbles out into the corridor
Dòna HexhamLast Saturday at 11:48 PM
Dòna runs into the kitchen, Alicia in tow
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 11:48 PM
trails behind, twirling and ready for action, incidentally using a mop as stick(edited)
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:48 PM
they see arthur stumbling out of the door of the kitchen
Dòna HexhamLast Saturday at 11:49 PM
"We heard a scream, what happened?"
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:49 PM
he has a bloody shirt wrapped around his chest
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 11:49 PM
"this is bad" drops the mop(edited)
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:49 PM
"samuel .. tried ... to .. kill .. me"
Dòna HexhamLast Saturday at 11:49 PM
"Really bad.."
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:49 PM
"he .. is .. in .. there" he points to the kitchen
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 11:49 PM
rushes to support him
"carefull~"
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:50 PM
he nearly falls over
Dòna HexhamLast Saturday at 11:50 PM
helps Alicia support Arthur
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 11:51 PM
"sit down carefully, you shouldn't move in that state!"
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:51 PM
"I .. burned .. him"
"he .. got .. me .. good"
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 11:51 PM
"burned..."(edited)
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:51 PM
arthur sits down and leans agains the corridor wall
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 11:52 PM
"what got you that gash?"
Marquis AlerionLast Saturday at 11:52 PM
Samuel is twitching silently, his two kneecaps blasted off
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:52 PM
"samuel"
Marquis AlerionLast Saturday at 11:53 PM
A bloody kitchen knife rests in the middle of the messy kitchen
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:53 PM
"help .. me .. up" he tries to stand up
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 11:53 PM
"oh another one" looks like she has nurse duty today
"stay put! tell me what you need and i'll get it"
she gently holds him from moving(edited)
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:54 PM
he stands up and screams in pain
he then slowly walks to the kitchen door again
"come"
Dòna HexhamLast Saturday at 11:55 PM
helps Arthur to the kitchen door, but gives Alicia a questioning look
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 11:55 PM
"dona go get me some wrappings and the strongest booze you can find or a bag of sugar will do also!"
"you're not going anywhere anytime fast"(edited)
"you need patching up" she looks at arthur(edited)
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:56 PM
he nods
Dòna HexhamLast Saturday at 11:56 PM
"Will do" she pulls Arthur to sit down again and goes to the bar(edited)
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 11:57 PM
"after that i will need something to close it up..." she looks around for metal and fire
takes a blade and puts it on a gass oven that she starts up in the kitchen "it'll need a while... also what's with stumpy over there?"
motions at Samuel 
Max IVLast Saturday at 11:58 PM
"he .. attacked"
"drank .. darkdrop"
CልፕልርረሃነጠLast Saturday at 11:59 PM
"dark... dark, dark, dark every time it's something dark" she has a fit at cliche's
October 14, 2018
Max IVYesterday at 12:00 AM
"maybe ....... murderer"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:01 AM
"well first things, first, stay put or risk bleeding out" she pressures the wound stop it while she waits for dona "by the way, this is going to hurt a little" she says whit a smile already doing it(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 12:01 AM
he looks worryingly at alicia
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:02 AM
"don't worry, just... just worry about the drunk drinking your life-saving juice before she gets here" she shifts blame and a little redicule at dona(edited)
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:03 AM
Dòna returns with a bottle of green fairy
Max IVYesterday at 12:04 AM
he nearly falls unconscious
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:04 AM
"stay with me, keep feeling and stay awake!"
she pulls of the cloth ripping everything that's in the way and dumps the content of the bottle on the wound
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:05 AM
there's about half of the stuff left, and Dòna's footing seems.. Awkward
Max IVYesterday at 12:05 AM
he screams in pain
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:06 AM
"dona the knife!" she gestures and shouts at the glowing-hot knife on the furnace "before it's in vain" she murmers(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 12:06 AM
he looks scared at alicia
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:07 AM
"Aye-aaaye!"
Dòna gets the knife to Alicia
Max IVYesterday at 12:08 AM
arthur closes his eyes(edited)
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:10 AM
Alicia lines up the knife "close your mouth so you don't bite yourself" and quickly and somewhat messy-like singes the wound shut "now it's still not good at all! so don't get up and listen once for a goddamn time!" she is very forceful on that one(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 12:11 AM
he opens his eyes wide and lets out a loud scream  just to pass out from the pain a few seconds later(edited)
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:11 AM
dona has started seeing things that shouldn't be there
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:14 AM
Dòna looks around, as if following something with her eyes
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:15 AM
lays him down on the gently, gets some pillows for his back "too bad, you're in no condition to move, and i don't want to let the effort go to waste!" she guards him as he lays there until the time someone else who's not chasing fairies to help her bring him to his his cabin on a stretcher of some kind, though he may be out of it for the rest of the trip, regretably(edited)
"dona... dona!" she snaps her fingers at her "could you try to get a blanket... er two of them?" she looks at the effects of a hallucinogenic drink meant as drinkable medication at one point, somehow a hard smile is made at it(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 12:23 AM
after a few minutes Arthur starts to regain consciousness again
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:24 AM
you wake up with Alicia sitting next to you like a wife tending a sick husband
Max IVYesterday at 12:25 AM
"what happened?" arthur mumbles
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:26 AM
Dòna snaps.. Awake? "I- I'll see what I can find" and clumsily rushes off
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:26 AM
"nothing much, you passed out from getting closed up with fire" she looks away 'since that's all i had at that moment to save you'(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 12:26 AM
he looks down at his chest and (presumably) sees a large singed wound
"can we go somewhere safe?"

CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:29 AM
"you've got us..." oh yeah she went away in a half-sane state "you have me" she looks at the bloody knife "and how many people could possibly  want you dead?"
Max IVYesterday at 12:29 AM
"I don´t know"
he reaches into his pocket with his left hand and pulls out a multi tool
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:30 AM
"also you're still cut up on the inside"
she has a complicated smile
Max IVYesterday at 12:30 AM
he switches the multitool to a small knive and swings it around "Anyone that comes near me will get stabbed"
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:31 AM
after a while, Dòna gets back. Looking a bit more steady
Max IVYesterday at 12:32 AM
she sees arthur lying down next to alicia, holding a small multitool in his left hand
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:33 AM
"oh hey, he's on edge" she explains
Max IVYesterday at 12:33 AM
"hey dona, don´t come too close" he says quietly
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:34 AM
she waves around a white piece of cloth "I surrenduuur!" she jokingly says
Max IVYesterday at 12:35 AM
he chuckles
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:35 AM
"huh?" she doesn't get it but smiles all the same(edited)
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:36 AM
she hands Alicia the cloth, it my have been a piece of an apron
Max IVYesterday at 12:37 AM
"whats that?"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:38 AM
"well in any regard, while it's nice to get food freshly made for you, i don't think you should keep sleeping in the kitchen, but for now just rest a little" she covers him a little with it, not touching his wound, but to keep him warm. she did rip off his clothes after all(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 12:38 AM
"can we go somewhere else now?"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:39 AM
"it would be best if we get a stretcher, can't have you open up wounds on the inside by walking"(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 12:40 AM
"We can just use this piece of cloth, right?"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:40 AM
"eh it may help..."
Max IVYesterday at 12:41 AM
"You and dona are strong, you can carry me"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 12:42 AM
A fourth of the ship just went up in shards while hitting a mountain
You are all thrown to the ground
You hear Beaumont's voice, falling
And a sickening crunch as he gets grabbed by an odd flying creature
You may have missed a thing or two
Max IVYesterday at 12:43 AM
arthur grimaces in pain as he is thrown to the side a bit
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:44 AM
Dòna screams as she falls to the floor
Max IVYesterday at 12:45 AM
"Whats happening?" he says scared
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:46 AM
steadies herself "getting attacked... And allot of the ship was I'll fitted for ramming"(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 12:47 AM
"Then we need to get out of here, but how?"
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:47 AM
the shock made Dòna sober up
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:47 AM
"It can't be helped"
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:48 AM
"Oh no! What was that?"
Max IVYesterday at 12:48 AM
"I need to get to my room"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:48 AM
helps him get up
Max IVYesterday at 12:49 AM
he slowly gets up with the help of alicia(edited)
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 12:49 AM
rushes of on her own
Max IVYesterday at 12:49 AM
"can you help me get to my room?"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:50 AM
"I'll try" she support him the way
Max IVYesterday at 12:51 AM
they walk to #intimate-cabins(edited)

Max IVYesterday at 12:51 AM
with the help from alicia, arthur walks to his room
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:52 AM
opens the door for him seeing as he has one foot in the grave(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 12:53 AM
he stumbles over to the bed
he kneels down next to it and grabs something under it with his left hand
"where to now?"
he stands up and stumbles towards alicia again(edited)
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:55 AM
helps him again "somewhere more sturdy, but I need to know what's happening up there "
Max IVYesterday at 12:56 AM
"I´ll come with you"
they start walking towards the deck
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 12:58 AM
"Don't stick out too much ok" she reminds you that you have though luck
Max IVYesterday at 12:59 AM
"I´ll try"

Max IVYesterday at 1:35 AM
"I was talking to him, and .. and I said something about Fablel, then he just drank some darkdrop, put on a copper mask and tried to kill me"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 1:35 AM
comes walking after doing her things she needed to do and comes to sit with the rest, that is if there is still space "woah, it's a lot less stuffy in here!"
she approved of the upgrade
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 1:36 AM
she reaches for the bottle of whiskey, and pours another glass
she utters something in a strange language, before taking a swig
Max IVYesterday at 1:39 AM
"Now Dona"
"Why are you here?"
"I am here because I needed to steal a special gem"
"Now its your turn"
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 1:40 AM
"Why would it be here, of all places.." she looks at the bottle
she begins to sob. The entire cruise had been an overwhelming experience
"I.. Ran away.." she tells Arthur
Max IVYesterday at 1:43 AM
"From your family?"
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 1:43 AM
she nods
she takes another swig
Max IVYesterday at 1:44 AM
"Why did you run away?"
he downs his shot
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 1:45 AM
"They planned my life for me.. "
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 1:47 AM
"Yeah, you ain't the only one"
Max IVYesterday at 1:47 AM
"Oh, I´m sorry"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 1:47 AM
"People telling you who you are, what you can and can't be..."
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 1:48 AM
"I ran away.. To make a life of my own"
"Proving I didn't need them.. "
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 1:48 AM
nods at that, though not completely
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 1:48 AM
"..."
"So..."
"What now?"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 1:49 AM
"So... Now that there are more unfortunate holes placed everywhere, and I mean absolutely everwhere, do any of you think we can have smooth sailing from now on?" she rattled, perhaps something in her is made of steel, or maybe she's that dence(edited)
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 1:49 AM
"We're an airship"
"We can probably handle a few holes"(edited)
"Although navigating with the holes pulling us left or right all the time is going to be hell"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 1:51 AM
"Well wood and ships we can fix, but..." 'it's the other stuff' she implied
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 1:51 AM
"Beaumont..."
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 1:52 AM
"Also stabby in the kitchen..."
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 1:52 AM
"What?"
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 1:53 AM
Dòna quietly finishes the drink, then doesn't bother refilling the glass, and puts the bottle to her mouth instead
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 1:53 AM
"Samuel... "(edited)
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 1:54 AM
crying ever so softly as she memorizes about home
Max IVYesterday at 1:54 AM
"He slashed me open real good"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 1:54 AM
pats and rubs dona on the back(edited)
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 1:59 AM
"I'll..."
"I'll go sleep now"
"Wake me up when this is over"
"Take whatever you want from the bar"
"Who cares anymore"
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 1:59 AM
"Thanks.. "
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:00 AM
"Don't mind if I do"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:00 AM
He rises, grabs his armchair and moves it to face towards a window
Max IVYesterday at 2:00 AM
"Hey, alicia, could you help me to the kitchen?"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:00 AM
He takes a small blanket from one of the sofas and puts it over himself(edited)
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 2:00 AM
grabs another two bottles
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:01 AM
"Sure thing though you may not like what you see" she gets up and helps him, still sober and alert for reasons, such as dodging death and black and gray paint(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 2:02 AM
he stands up and with the help of alicia they walk to #drama-kitchen
Dòna HexhamYesterday at 2:02 AM
"I'll be in my room.. "
she leaves the cigar hall, bottles in hand


Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:24 AM
"You have no idea how frightening silence is..."
"Speaking means I'm me"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:25 AM
"You're just feeling anemic, you need a rest an stake to eat" she declares
Max IVYesterday at 2:26 AM
"You still didn´t explain why you tried to kill me"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:26 AM
"You said you knew Fablel..."
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:26 AM
she did close the wounds...
Max IVYesterday at 2:26 AM
I didnt know him
I knew that this boat was his
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:26 AM
"That's... Not something people should know"
Max IVYesterday at 2:26 AM
I usually inform myself before I go onto missions
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:26 AM
"That's the kind of thing the person who wrote that message on the wall knows"
Max IVYesterday at 2:27 AM
The Luma message?
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:27 AM
"You couldn't possibly know that..."
Max IVYesterday at 2:27 AM
I have my sources
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:27 AM
"I don't understand"
Max IVYesterday at 2:27 AM
"Do you know Max?"
"The OSR leader"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:27 AM
"What of it?"
Max IVYesterday at 2:27 AM
"Well I might have saved his life"
"So I got promoted"
"I talked with him and he told me he dreams of the dreams of birds"
"And how he met Luma"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:28 AM
"..."
"That's... Impossible"
Max IVYesterday at 2:28 AM
"Is it?"
"Alicia can I have your knive?"
"He can´t survive, now that he knows this"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:30 AM
is thinking about where to dump the mask, she heard a parking lot opened up recently near the royal empire "oi don't go thinking dangerous stuff"
'thats my task' Alicia's mind echoes
Max IVYesterday at 2:31 AM
"Alicia give me the knive please?"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:33 AM
Hmm... "you know that you'll not be any better than a murder killing someone that can't strike back?"
Max IVYesterday at 2:33 AM
"And what should I do?"
"He knows too much"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:34 AM
"I don't care anymore..."
"I'm already dead..."
Max IVYesterday at 2:34 AM
"Look, even he wants to die"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:34 AM
"Fight till a messy end... together, someone else could say the same about you too..."
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:34 AM
"I can't go outside anymore"
"It's over, she'll find me..."(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 2:35 AM
"You know, when Max told the story she didn´t seem so evil"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:36 AM
"She isn't evil. She saved me, long ago"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:36 AM
"Become bait to lure her out, you know that it ends here, it ends but Arthur you'll still have to face it someday because you know something"
Max IVYesterday at 2:36 AM
"I know basically nothing"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:36 AM
"But she does not... Do things like we do"
Max IVYesterday at 2:36 AM
"I know of her, not much more"
"What do you mean by that?"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:37 AM
"A name can hold as much power as a nation"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:37 AM
"She follows her own set of rules. She will hunt me down for saying those things..."
"She has that thing with secrets..."
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:38 AM
"But rather than a quick end right now, why don't you tell everything untill you drop as you said it yourself(edited)
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:38 AM
"And she can find me... I've been marked"
"It's part of the mask thing..."
"I honestly don't know anymore"
"Besides, I do not want to betray her"
"She..."
He smiles
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:39 AM
"Yes I get the 'im doomed' thing, but in the end..."
...
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:39 AM
"She is an angel"
Max IVYesterday at 2:39 AM
"An angel?"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:40 AM
He seems pretty fucking delusional
Max IVYesterday at 2:40 AM
"Does she have anything to do with darkdrop?"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:40 AM
"I don't know..."
"I'm just one of her many children..."
"I do not deserve to know these things..."
"And you do not deserve to know what I told you..."
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:42 AM
sighs "if this is truly necessary" reaches for the biggest meat cleaver and ties to the end of a pole "any last words on your final chapter" she waits
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:42 AM
"I wish I remembered..."(edited)
"I wish I remembered why I loved Vivian"
Max IVYesterday at 2:43 AM
"You .. you loved her?"
"Just so you know, it wasn´t me that killed her"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:44 AM
"Typical" she raises the hallbard cleaver and rams it down with all the mussle the girl has towards the neck(edited)
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:45 AM
Samuel's head rolls on the floor, a tear streaking accross his cheek
Max IVYesterday at 2:45 AM
arthur stares blankly
he looks around
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:47 AM
"I forgot to wear a hood, rats I'll never get a opportunity like this again" she mumbled softly before walking over to help Arthur get towards where he wanted to go
"Well that's at least something solved... Hey arty lets get you to a bed"
Max IVYesterday at 2:52 AM
"Yea, I need some rest"
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:53 AM
(I mean that's wager territory)
Max IVYesterday at 2:54 AM
(well what would you win?)
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:58 AM
(Seems ok)
(Maybe switch the 9-12 and the 6-8?)
(It seems more middlegroundy)
Max IVYesterday at 2:59 AM
(yea)
(i got 6)
(ouff)
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 3:01 AM
9-12: you retrieve it but fumble fumble iit goes out the ship and it lands somewhere below))
Also, maluses and bonuses
Max IVYesterday at 3:01 AM
(so what do we choose, I don´t care which one)
arthur tries to grab the mask as you are helping him up
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 3:09 AM
you managed to get it out of the bag but had to use a lot of force resulting in it violently comming undone from its binding, the shining mask starts rolling towards a hole made by a missing plank. There is no clank on the floor below as its missing. The mask lands below the ship
Max IVYesterday at 3:09 AM
"fuck"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 3:10 AM
Alicia blinks in amazement "maybe it's really cursed...."
Max IVYesterday at 3:11 AM
"Sorry, I just wanted it to study"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 3:14 AM
"So you had to do it here and now?" she reprimands and is slightly amused by the 'troublesome incarnate' mask of evil.(edited)
Max IVYesterday at 3:15 AM
"I didn´t think about it falling off"
"Let´s just go to bed, or I´ll fall asleep"
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 3:16 AM
"Fair enough"she would help him get to his bed and fall asleep herself in her own cabin
dam well tired of being a crutch, she thought


CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 1:55 PM
the formast section of the crew quaters has been commandeerd by Alicia and is stuffed with various crates
Akane FukumotoYesterday at 1:59 PM
arrives having followed alicia
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:00 PM
turns around, notices you "you... ehm looking for something?"
Akane FukumotoYesterday at 2:00 PM
looks around for crate
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:01 PM
everything in the commandeerd section is stacked, mostly
Akane FukumotoYesterday at 2:01 PM
“Yeah”
“The big armoured one”
“Is it here?”
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:02 PM
"i've metal boxes, if that's what you mean" she looks observingly, with a smile... 'is it a proper one?' maybe..(edited)
Akane FukumotoYesterday at 2:02 PM
“It should have a lock on it”
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:03 PM
shows you a small tin can filled with salt, it locks though it's not what you wanted "this?" she shakes it
Akane FukumotoYesterday at 2:03 PM
“No, it’s much bigger”
“Big enough to fit a person probably”
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:06 PM
"hmm..." she walks through the heap, looks around and digs a little, before rolling a huge metal barrel, big enough to fit a few people in, though it's suspicious how she could fit it through the door. "this one?" it's filled with drink though as you can hear from tapping it(edited)
Akane FukumotoYesterday at 2:06 PM
“No it’s a box shape”
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:06 PM
GODDAMNIT ALICIA SNATCHED THE BOOZE
Akane FukumotoYesterday at 2:07 PM
“How did you get that in here”(edited)
continues searching for the crate
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:07 PM
Alicia may be stalling "just... ehh, removed the wall.. temporarily." she stares off (*rolls and used old ship trait and battlescared debuff against it*)(edited)
Akane FukumotoYesterday at 2:08 PM
(If I keep looking will I find it?)
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:14 PM
(Sorry, busy, gimme a sec)
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:21 PM
you peer around the environment and boxes, crates and not-containers are littered everywhere some on stacks and alot of it is tied down, 'WHATS THIS, since when did this become the new #shadowy-cargo-bay!' but that's what it looks like now(edited)
Marquis AlerionYesterday at 2:37 PM
You know exactly what you are looking for, and it's nowhere to be seen
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:38 PM
Alicia took Akane for a loop, how mischievous, maybe her smile was a bit brighter seeing her not find what he was looking for(edited)
Akane FukumotoYesterday at 2:39 PM
(People always forget akane is a girl)
(Good point)
(She’s supposed to be a quiet woman)
(So you wouldn’t pay much attention to her most of the time
(Yeah)
CልፕልርረሃነጠYesterday at 2:51 PM
"it's not here, now shoo, shoo! i got a show to perform" she gently pushes you out the place shes' been working on, gently becuase musslemass and mastery of fullcum was the only thing that allowed her to get stuff stacked up as the were(edited)
she started boarding up the only entrence from the inside to the ship part, wacking some planks into place

