Both airships and buildings are put together out of modules. To start constructing something, choose the modules tab from the left and pick a module from the list, then click on the blueprint to place it.

PLACEMENT
For a construction to work, all modules need to be mutually accessible. Some modules have ladders that allow crew to access the modules above them. Some modules are multiple floors tall, with the second floor not directly accessible. Modules which aren't connected properly are shown with a red tint. You can see which modules can be connected with by looking for ghostly ladders and floors extending from your placed modules.

Other modules, mostly weapons and engines, need to have free space ahead, behind, above or below them. This is indicated by a green beam coming out of the module when you're placing it. If placing a new module would obstruct a previously existing one, the existing module will send out a red beam to indicate this.

REQUIREMENTS
A properly functioning airship or building needs a variety of resources. You can see the stats of your construction in the top left panel, along with any problems or shortages. Weapons generally need ammunition stores. Engines and Suspendium chambers need coal. Most modules need crew to run them.

For airships, the service ceiling (the maximum height to which it can fly) needs to be high enough, and it needs to be able to propel itself. If you want to be able to give commands to your construction, you need to include a bridge or cockpit.

Module types are organised by category. The "Basic" category contains everything you need to put together a variety of simple designs. There is also a small library of pre-supplied designs you can open, study, and modify.

EXPERIMENT
Ship design is a large part of Airships: Conquer the Skies. There are many different design philosophies you can try: high-altitude bombers, small ships with flamethrowers, heavily armoured sky-battleships, raiders with boarding marines, etc. Save your designs, work on them, and measure yourself against others in multiplayer.
